Hi, guys.
Walker naturally thought this was a network issue, but it is not.
Now, we also need to use the network image of our detail page.
Right.
Okay.
Now we're going to need to go to the detailed directory.
This is the detailed directory of it and then the detail page.
Okay.
Now, although we are we are using the network image.
So with the assets image, we are going to change it to network.
So let's work in Asia.
Okay.
Now, Haaz, you started this.
As well.
We're going to need to do the same thing for the car screen.
Okay.
We're going to need to go to the for the design for each car.
That is the cost item.
Okay.
As long I can look for where where is in the assets image.
And I'm going to interchange this to network.
Image.
Okay.
Right.
Let's walk in there.
Okay.
Think this.
I'll just add this now and.
Everton's.
No walk.
Just five.
Therefore that arrow you can look forward to call the it's actually sue is going to be displayed at
our screen that's why I see that is you're going to need to look for the root file.
Right.
Okay.
But I think I'm just going to sort that out later.
Now, what is basically been displayed in the field suggest that it has not been displayed ads.
So it has not been displayed in the new I have at once.
We're going to see it in the field screen immediately.
Okay.
Now click on this.
Now you can see it is now working properly.
Okay.
Now go to the cards.
You can see it now.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.